S16: fix D-1 -- the cursor MAC key is minted by the store, not derived from the descriptor

THE DEFECT. cursorSecretOf(descriptor) was
`${id}:${sha256}:${ownerScope}:${grantRevision}` -- four DESCRIPTOR fields. The
descriptor is returned to the caller by data:fs.capture (data-bridge.ts:255) and sent
back on every page call, so the MAC key was a deterministic function of data the
caller already held. A correctly-signed forgery was accepted and served (offset 500).
The HMAC construction was right; the key was public.

THE FIX, and why this shape. A key DERIVED from anything the caller holds is not a
key, so the key is MINTED and STORED:
  - new `store-cursor-key.json` in the store root, 32 CSPRNG bytes (base64url, 43
    chars), created with `wx` and never rewritten -- the same protocol the realm
    uses, so two processes over one root agree on ONE key and a walk survives a
    restart;
  - `ArtifactStore.cursorKey()` is the narrow contract addition, so the secret lives
    behind the same boundary as the bytes. `pages()` receives an ArtifactStore and no
    secret, so a key it could COMPUTE is a key a caller can compute -- which is D-1;
  - `put()` resolves the key alongside the realm, so a store that can publish can
    issue cursors, and a key failure lands on a retryable capture rather than on a
    later page read that would look like a forged token;
  - a key file that is malformed, empty or SHORTER THAN 43 CHARS is refused rather
    than regenerated or accepted. Regenerating would invalidate every cursor while
    looking like the fix working; accepting a truncated key would silently weaken the
    MAC with every arm still green.

CANDIDATES REJECTED, with the weakness that ruled each out (the brief asked for this
to be decided from the code, not picked):
  - the descriptor (the defect): public by construction.
  - a compiled-in constant: in the repository, shared by every deployment, and a
    reader of the source could forge.
  - the realm id: DISCLOSED -- it is carried in the cursor and named in refusals, and
    the refusal message returned both realms verbatim (artifacts.ts:1516-1517 ->
    data-bridge.ts). A key derived from it is public. Kept as a signed FIELD instead.
  - an env var: absent by default, and a deployment that did not set it would silently
    fall back -- this defect class exactly.
  - host-process memory only: correct for forgery, but per-boot, so it breaks a walk
    that spans a restart. That is the failure the realm design already documents.

D-2, ESTABLISHED RATHER THAN ASSUMED. The realm file is still MACed by nothing, but
the fix means the realm is no longer the ONLY store identity: a copied realm alone no
longer grants acceptance, because the key still differs. Measured: before the fix the
copy was ACCEPTED (s16-before.json realmCopyAfter); after, it is refused with
`pagination-cursor-invalid`. THE RESIDUE IS MEASURED AND STATED, not implied: copying
BOTH files (a whole-root clone) DOES let the clone accept the original's cursors
(s16-after.json wholeRootCloneAfter). That is out of scope -- a caller who can write
both files has the store -- and it is recorded rather than left to be found.

A CONSEQUENCE I HAD TO HANDLE, because it would have looked like a regression. With a
per-store key a cross-store token now fails at STEP 1 (the MAC), so it never reaches
the realm comparison at step 2 -- and 7 existing arms that assert
`pagination-realm-denied` went red. That refusal is STRONGER, but collapsing it into
`pagination-cursor-invalid` would lose the distinction `pagination-realm-denied` was
introduced for (artifacts.ts:312-321) and which the product R7 probe branches on. So a
MAC failure is classified by what the token CLAIMS without believing it, and the
classification decides only WHICH refusal the caller is told about, never whether the
request is served. The message names NO REALM: an unauthenticated request must not be
answered with an identity, which closes the disclosure amplifier that made the old
cross-store forgery need no prior knowledge. Step 2 still names both realms, because
there the MAC verified.

PROSE CORRECTED, since the brief requires stating what IS enforced:
  - the sign() comment claimed "the secret is the only thing standing between a caller
    and a self-minted cursor" while the key was public. It now says what the MAC buys,
    what it does not (a binding -- every field still needs a live comparison), and
    that position is the field with no live counterpart;
  - the class doc claimed the payload is "RE-SERIALIZED CANONICALLY". It is not:
    `verify` signs the substring it then parses, so verified bytes == parsed fields
    hold by construction, but a token in ANOTHER KEY ORDER verifies too. Measured: the
    sorted-key control was ACCEPTED before the fix (s16-before.json sortedKeyControl),
    so that sentence described a mechanism that was never implemented;
  - the realm file's doc argued for a file over a path hash and never said the file is
    copyable. It now states that the realm is an identity, not a secret, and not
    tamper-proof.

ARMS THAT WOULD HAVE CAUGHT IT. The reason 32 green cases missed this: every existing
arm TAMPERS with the token, so all of them trip the MAC -- proving the MAC is
computed, not that it protects anything. Added, each with positive controls asserted
OUTSIDE the refusal assertion:
  - a CORRECTLY SIGNED forgery of `position` (the field with no live counterpart) ->
    refused, and the refusal is named as the MAC;
  - a CORRECTLY SIGNED forgery of `storeRealmId` -> refused, AND the refusal must not
    name a realm;
  - the key's provenance: not the old derivation, containing none of the descriptor
    fields, not a digest of them;
  - a SHARED-KEY block, because the realm check would otherwise be dead code: two
    stores sharing a key still refuse a cross-realm cursor, and the refusal is
    RECORDED through the production provider with both realms named;
  - D-2 re-measured: a copied realm alone no longer grants acceptance.
The sorted-key token is kept as the CONTROL that a malformed-token refusal proves
nothing about the key -- the trap that cost the root agent an attempt.

One inconsistency fixed while measuring: RecordingPageProvider (the walk route) wrote
a refusal WITHOUT cursorRealmId while pages()'s sink path preserved it, so the same
refusal produced different durable evidence depending on which route refused.

DATA-11's own oracle arms all still hold: different store refused, different revision
refused, refusals recorded for every type, realm stable across a real OS restart, and
a cursor minted before a restart resumes after it.

TEST_RESULTS: node node_modules/vitest/vitest.mjs run src/data11-cursor-realm.test.ts
  -> 37 passed / 0 failed  (was 32 before this change; 5 arms added)
Identity measured under: D:/DSH/work/wt-s16 wt/s16, artifacts.ts sha256
a2ec38f24489ca95e4a1d961598343525e9c942cb14d2f86c238f3672f4cb7ae.
BEFORE/AFTER: qualification/results/S16-cursor-authority/s16-before.json vs
s16-after.json.
